thus the Lord God showed me behold he
formed locust swarms at the beginning of
the late crop indeed it was the late
crop after the Kings mowings and so it
was when they had finished eating the
grass of the land that I said O Lord God
forgive I pray o that Jacob may stand
for he is small so the Lord relented
concerning this it shall not be thus the
Lord God showed me behold the Lord God
called for conflict by fire and it
consumed the great deep and devoured the
territory then I said O Lord God cease I
pray o that Jacob may stand for he is
small so the Lord relented concerning
this this also shall not be thus he
showed me they hold the Lord stood on a
wall made with a plumb line with a plumb
line in his hand and the Lord said to me
Amos
what do you see a plumb line
I am setting a plumb line in the midst
of my people Israel
I will not pass by them anymore the high
places of Isaac shall be desolate and
the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid
waste I will rise with the sword against
the house of Jeroboam then a messiah the
priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king
of Israel
Amos has conspired against you in the
midst of the house of Israel the land is
not able to bear all his words for thus
Amos has said Jeroboam shall die by the
sword and Israel shall surely be led
away captive from their own land then a
messiah said to Amos go you seer flee to
the land of Judah there eat bread and
there prophesy but never again prophesy
at Bethel for it is the King's sanctuary
and it is the royal residence when Amos
answered I was no prophet nor was I a
son of a prophet but I was a sheep
breeder and a tender of sycamore fruit
then the Lord took me as I followed the
flock and the Lord said to me go
prophesy to my people Israel
now therefore hear the word of the Lord
you say do not prophesy against Israel
and do not sprout against the house of
Isaac therefore thus says the Lord your
wife shall be a harlot in the city your
sons and daughters shall fall by the
sword your land shall be divided by
survey line you shall die in a defiled
and Israel shall surely be led away
captive from his own land
[Music]